add the link of Copernicus DEM file to the STAC item of HAND collection (#147)
ASFHyP3/asf-stac: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.3.2]
### Added

> - Add the link of the Copernicus DEM file to the STAC item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a "related" link to the associated Cpernicus DEM tile for every HAND item

```

Reviewer 2: Associate Copernicus  (fix spelling)
